README.md, before:

# Hopping Mad
A 2D platforming game created for a group project at the University of Utah.

Class: FILM 3710 Fall 2017 Traditional Game Development</br>
Instructor: Matt Anderson

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MagusConjurer/hopping-mad/master/images/menu.png" alt="Main Menu Image" width="600px">

### Purpose

This was a class focused on the production of a 2D game within a small team, using the Unity 3D game engine. Throughout the semester we learned the main stages of game production, while working as a programmer, artist or designer on a single game project. In doing so, we learned the basics of game design in a practical, hands-on setting.

Our team, Mopping Dad, set out to make a 2D platforming game. In it, the ninja frog finds himself lost in a den of killer rabbits. He must survive an endless wave of attacks using basic attacks, blocks and  dodges. 

We originally used Sourcetree and BitBucket to handle source control. I lost access to this after leaving University and only had these locally stored copies of the project.

### Team Mopping Dad

Aaron Smurthwaite (Textures and Music)</br>
Ben Hammond (Animations)</br>
Cameron Davis (Programming)</br>
Will Boyce (Models and Textures)

### Images

##### Protoype Gameplay
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MagusConjurer/hopping-mad/master/images/prototype.png" alt="Prototype Image" width="600px">

##### Alpha Gameplay
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MagusConjurer/hopping-mad/master/images/alpha.png" alt="Alpha Image" width="600px">

##### Beta Gameplay
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MagusConjurer/hopping-mad/master/images/beta.png" alt="Beta Image" width="600px">

### Controls
- Movement 
    - Move with A & D or ← and →
    - Jump with W, ↑ or Space
- Fighting
    - Left click for basic
    - Right click for block
    - Dodge/escape combat with E
- Menu
    - Esc opens menu with main menu, settings (volume), restart and resume options

### Technology Used
- C#
- Unity 3D (2017)
- Maya
- SourceTree

Commit message:

Update README with download steps

README.md, after:

# Hopping Mad
A 2D platforming game created for a group project at the University of Utah.

Class: FILM 3710 Fall 2017 Traditional Game Development</br>
Instructor: Matt Anderson

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MagusConjurer/hopping-mad/master/images/menu.png" alt="Main Menu Image" width="600px">

### Purpose

This was a class focused on the production of a 2D game within a small team, using the Unity 3D game engine. Throughout the semester we learned the main stages of game production, while working as a programmer, artist or designer on a single game project. In doing so, we learned the basics of game design in a practical, hands-on setting.

Our team, Mopping Dad, set out to make a 2D platforming game. In it, the ninja frog finds himself lost in a den of killer rabbits. He must survive an endless wave of attacks using basic attacks, blocks and  dodges. 

We originally used Sourcetree and BitBucket to handle source control. I lost access to this after leaving University and only had these locally stored copies of the project.

### Team Mopping Dad

Aaron Smurthwaite (Textures and Music)</br>
Ben Hammond (Animations)</br>
Cameron Davis (Programming)</br>
Will Boyce (Models and Textures)

### How to Run

1. Select a version (Prototype, Alpha, Alpha 2, or Beta)
1. Click on the zip file
1. Download and extract the program
1. Run the .exe file and start the game

### Images

##### Protoype Gameplay
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MagusConjurer/hopping-mad/master/images/prototype.png" alt="Prototype Image" width="600px">

##### Alpha Gameplay
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MagusConjurer/hopping-mad/master/images/alpha.png" alt="Alpha Image" width="600px">

##### Beta Gameplay
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MagusConjurer/hopping-mad/master/images/beta.png" alt="Beta Image" width="600px">

### Controls
- Movement 
    - Move with A & D or ← and →
    - Jump with W, ↑ or Space
- Fighting
    - Left click for basic
    - Right click for block
    - Dodge/escape combat with E
- Menu
    - Esc opens menu with main menu, settings (volume), restart and resume options

### Technology Used
- C#
- Unity 3D (2017)
- Maya
- SourceTree
